Yes, I killed my brother.
What can you do to me?
They deserve your dad
I call him dad
Does he treat me like a son?
All the shares of the Lu family were given to Lu Jiahua
After Lu Jiahua died
I would rather give it to Su Hua's belly
I don't know if it's male or female
serious
Don't you want to give me this illegitimate child?
Nonsense to you
Why do you mind saying this?
Let go of me let go of me
Lin Xiaoxiao, what are you doing?
Shin Shin stop
Don't move, don't be impulsive
Shin Shin is in his hands
Lin Xiaoxiao, what do you want?
Let yourself go
I can still give you a way to live
Your only way to survive is to send me to prison
Li Xiaoxiao, look back now
Shut up because of you
If you hadn't been against me everywhere
How could I have come this far?
Why haven't you died everywhere?
Why come back alive?
The daughter of the Lu family can only be me
Xiao Xiao, as long as you let go of your heart
I still recognize you as a daughter of Lu Enterprises